Welcome back. At this point,
we have laid out the primary goals of a supply chain contract.
The next step is to translate this general outline into
a few comments that we can use to guide our coding decisions down the road.
Now, this should be quick, so let's get right into it.
I'm going to be using the Remix editor to write a contract.
If you have not been using this editor already,
you can go here by using going to remix.ethereum.org.
I will also have the link for this below this video for you.
Now, let me walk you through
the basic structure that we will build out for a smart contract.
The first thing we need to do is define variables.
So, we have two variables here.
Owner variable and the skuCount variable, okay?
For storing the SKU of every single item that is going to be unique.
Then, we will also need to create a way to track the state of an item.
Is it for sale? Is it for sold or is it sold?
So, we're going to have enums.
We're going to use enums for that.
We will see that shortly.
Then, we'll also create a struct.
Remember Struct is a user-defined type in solidity,
so we're going to be using a struct to
have all the different details stored of the specific item.
This could include the name, the price,
the SKU, the state,
the seller and the buyer of that specific item.
Now, let's see what next.
Now, every item will also have a different SKU.
To map the different item we sell by its SKU, we can use mapping.
So, we'll be using mapping to assign every single item a different SKU.
They will also define two different events,
for sale event and sold event.
Now, we will also need to write some modifiers.
I'm going to write five modifiers here.
Okay. Now, remember what a modifier is.
Modifiers are used to write some checks before the function is run.
For example, how do you check that an item is
actually for sale before it is available for someone to buy?
How do you verify that the person buying the lemonade has paid enough?
This is done using modifiers.
Now, it is up to us to decide what checks we want to put in place.
For this contract, I would like to be able to check
a few things and we will need a separate modifier for each.
Once we get these written out,
we will be passing them into the functions we write as check points.
I would like to be able to check that the message center is the owner of the contract.
For this, you'll use the modifier, "Only owner".
I would also like to verify the color of the contract,
we will use a modifier,
Verify caller for that.
I would also like to check if the amount paid covers the price of the lemonade,
we will right the modifier, Paid enough for that.
I would also like to check that the lemonade is actually
for sale at the time someone is trying to buy it.
For that, we will have a modifier, For sale.
Then, I would also like to check when someone is actually
trying to buy a modified we need to make sure that it's actually not sold.
So, we will have a modifier, Sold for that.
Okay. Then, we will also write our function.
We will start with the constructor function to set
some initial values and then we will have three functions;
add item, buy item and fetch item.
All right, so that's everything.
We will be creating in our smart contract,
the lemonade stand smart contract.
Everything we're doing in this contract is taking shape now.
So, we'll start writing up the code in the next section.
So, when you're ready, let's get started.